[ENH] add optional presentation software name, version, OS, and code to events.json (#573)
bids-standard/bids-specification: src/04-modality-specific-files/05-task-events.md

```

Where `<matches>` corresponds to task file name. For example:
`sub-control01_task-nback`.

> It is also possible to have a single \_events.tsv file describing events

Reviewer: lets format this as code, then we don't need to escape the underscore

```suggestion
It is also possible to have a single `_events.tsv` file describing events
```

for all participants and runs (see
[Inheritance Principle](../02-common-principles.md#the-inheritance-principle)).

> As with all other tabular data, `_events` files MAY be accompanied by a JSON

Reviewer: consistency with prior text

```suggestion
As with all other tabular data, `_events.tsv` files MAY be accompanied by a JSON
```

file describing the columns in detail (see
[Tabular Files](../02-common-principles.md#tabular-files)).

The purpose of this file is to describe timing and other properties of events
recorded during the scan.
Events MAY be either stimuli presented to the participant or participant responses.
A single event file MAY include any combination of stimuli and response events.
Events MAY overlap in time.
Please mind that this does not imply that only so called "event related" study designs
are supported (in contrast to "block" designs) - each "block of events" can be
represented by an individual row in the \_events.tsv file (with a long
duration).
Each task events file REQUIRES a corresponding task imaging data file
(but a single events file MAY be shared by multiple imaging data files - see

> Inheritance principle).

Reviewer: while we are at it, might as well add a link

```suggestion
[Inheritance Principle](../02-common-principles.md#the-inheritance-principle)).
```

Where `<matches>` corresponds to task file name. For example:
`sub-control01_task-nback`. It is also possible to have a single \_events.tsv
file describing events for all participants and runs (see
[Inheritance Principle](../02-common-principles.md#the-inheritance-principle)).

> As with all other tabular data, `_events` files may be accompanied by a JSON

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As with all other tabular data, `_events` files MAY be accompanied by a JSON
```

file describing the columns in detail (see

> [here](../02-common-principles.md#tabular-files)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tabular Files](../02-common-principles.md#tabular-files)).
```

An arbitrary number of additional columns can be added. Those allow describing
other properties of events that could be later referred in modelling and
hypothesis extensions of BIDS. Note that the `trial_type` and any additional

> columns in a TSV file SHOULD be documented in an accompanying JSON sidecar file.

Reviewer: we try to enforce some "soft" criterion that sentences should be started on a new line always.

And if a sentence grows too long, it needs to be broken over several lines, preferably at meaningful spots semantically.

So I guess you wanted to save space (yay!), but squeezing sentences into single lines makes the git diff harder to read in the future (nooo!).

Author: Gotcha. Will revert that change.

Not even sure when I changed that.

Author: @sappelhoff Fixed.
Also applied the rule to some paragraphs earlier in the doc. Hope I did it the "right way".

       }
    }
}
```

Note that all other columns SHOULD also be described but are omitted for the

> sake of example.

Reviewer 2: Thought I'd suggested this earlier...

```suggestion
sake of brevity.
```

5.6 0.6 sad AF01ANSA  kdef  1.739
```

This file should be accompanied by a data dictionary.

```Text
sub-control01/
    func/
        sub-control01_task-emoface_events.json
```

Specific fields related to stimulus presentation details SHOULD also be present in this data dictionary:

| Column name                  | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                      |
|------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | StimulusPresentationOS       | RECOMMENDED. Operating system used to run the stimuli presentation software.                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: it would be great if we could either

1. standardize this field or
1. provide explicit and simple examples on how to report for the major OSses (Linux, Windows, MacOS)

just so that we don't end up with fields like `StimulusPresentationOS: 'linux'`, and instead get something more detailed (like you also provide in your example): `StimulusPresentationOS: 'Linux-Ubuntu 18.04.5 LTS'`

We'd have to agree what level of detail would be good to have, and probably that level of detail is different for each OS, so I am tending towards my suggestion 2., instead of 1.

Author: Will try to provide examples but I am getting the feeling that suggestion 2 might turn into a slippery slope towards suggestion 1. :rofl:

Author: Tried to stick to somethng "simple" enough but also flexible for describing the OS part. LMKWYT

> | StimulusPresentationSoftware | RECOMMENDED. Name of the software that was used to present the stimuli ideally with its [Research Resource Identifier](https://scicrunch.org/resources) Examples: 'Psychtoolbox, RRID:SCR_002881' or 'PsychoPy, RRID:SCR_006571' |

Reviewer: splitting this into `StimulusPresentationSoftwareName` and `StimulusPresentationSoftwareRRID` might make these two fields more machine readable :thinking:

Author: I agree. The thought crossed my mind when I wrote that down. Though the name AND RRID creates some redundancy, no?

Author: Added name AND RRID. Not against the redundancy IMHO.

| StimulusPresentationVersion  | RECOMMENDED. Version of the software that was used to present the stimuli.                                                                                                                                                       |

> | StimulusPresentationCode     | RECOMMENDED. URL to code of that was used to present the stimuli.                                                                                                                                                                |

Reviewer: I would also allow DOIs (or even recommend), to push people towards "archiving" their presentation code (e.g., via zenodo).

But of course a URL can also be used to encode the DOI like https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3361717 ... so no strong feeling from my side to absolutely HAVE TO HAVE url and doi both.

Author: Good point. Will add that in the description and also make use a zenodo doi in the example.

Author: Tried to "nudge" for using DOI rather than URLs

| StimulusPresentationOS           | RECOMMENDED. Operating system used to run the stimuli presentation software (for formatting recommendations, see examples below this table).                                                                                                 |
| StimulusPresentationSoftwareName | RECOMMENDED. Name of the software that was used to present the stimuli                                                                                                                                                                       |
| StimulusPresentationSoftwareRRID | RECOMMENDED. Name ideally with its [Research Resource Identifier](https://scicrunch.org/resources) of the software that was used to present the stimuli Examples: the RRID for Psychtoolbox is 'SCR_002881' that of PsychoPy is 'SCR_006571' |
| StimulusPresentationVersion      | RECOMMENDED. Version of the software that was used to present the stimuli.                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | StimulusPresentationCode         | RECOMMENDED. DOI of the archive (for example on Zenodo, figshare...) for the code that was used to present the stimuli. Alternatively this could be a URL to code on GitHub, GitLab, etc.                                                    |
> The operating system description should include:

Reviewer: line break between table and following paragraph

```suggestion
| StimulusPresentationCode         | RECOMMENDED. DOI of the archive (for example on Zenodo, figshare...) for the code that was used to present the stimuli. Alternatively this could be a URL to code on GitHub, GitLab, etc.                                                    |

The operating system description should include:
```

| StimulusPresentationOS           | RECOMMENDED. Operating system used to run the stimuli presentation software (for formatting recommendations, see examples below this table).                                                                                                 |
| StimulusPresentationSoftwareName | RECOMMENDED. Name of the software that was used to present the stimuli                                                                                                                                                                       |
| StimulusPresentationSoftwareRRID | RECOMMENDED. Name ideally with its [Research Resource Identifier](https://scicrunch.org/resources) of the software that was used to present the stimuli Examples: the RRID for Psychtoolbox is 'SCR_002881' that of PsychoPy is 'SCR_006571' |
| StimulusPresentationVersion      | RECOMMENDED. Version of the software that was used to present the stimuli.                                                                                                                                                                   |

> | StimulusPresentationCode         | RECOMMENDED. DOI of the archive (for example on Zenodo, figshare...) for the code that was used to present the stimuli. Alternatively this could be a URL to code on GitHub, GitLab, etc.                                                    |

Reviewer 3: Is this intended to be the code for e.g. PsychoPy ? Or for the experiment ? Personally I paused on this, and it looks like the example DOI points to BIDS, so it didn't clarify for me.

Since everything else with `StimulusPresentation` is about the infrastructure (e.g. OS and software platform), if this is intended to refer to the stimulus (or task) itself, I'd probably remove `Presentation` from this field name !

Author: Yes this is supposed to point to code for psychopy, psychtoolbox, expyriment, Presentation, ePrime...

Good catch I think I had assumed the DOI that was suggested before pointed to actual code: I can add the DOI to one my experiment but definitely not showcasing best practices (it is a presentation script for starter...) So if anyone has a DOI to some cleaner code, we can use that instead.

Removing `Presentation`: could do except maybe for `StimulusPresentationVersion` which would then become `StimulusVersion` and might be more understood as referring to the version of the stimulus database that was used (for a set of standardized images for example).

Alternatively...

A cleaner and more readable option might be to do what is done for the `GeneratedBy` field to describe [derived data](https://bids-specification.readthedocs.io/en/stable/03-modality-agnostic-files.html#derived-dataset-and-pipeline-description) and have StimulusPresentation present like this:

```
"StimulusPresentation": 
{
   "OperatingSystem": "Linux-Ubuntu 18.04.5 LTS",
   "SoftwareName": "Psychtoolbox",
   "SoftwareRRID": "SCR_002881",
   "SoftwareVersion": "3.0.14",
   "Code": "10.5281/zenodo.3581316"
}
```

Reviewer: +1 for adopting a similar specification as for the `GeneratedBy` field!

re: "good practice" code ... I have some code here that I consider okay --> [10.5281/zenodo.3354368](https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.3354368)

feel free to judge yourself and pick whatever DOI you think best shows off "good practice"

Author: @sappelhoff @emdupre 
I made some changes: let me know what you think

5.6 0.6 sad AF01ANSA  kdef  1.739
```

This file should be accompanied by a data dictionary.

```Text
sub-control01/
    func/
        sub-control01_task-emoface_events.json
```

Specific fields related to stimulus presentation details SHOULD also be present
in this data dictionary:

| Field name           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|----------------------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | StimulusPresentation | RECOMMENDED. Object containing key value pairs related to the software used to present the stimuli during the experiment. For example: `OperatingSystem`, `SoftwareName`, `SoftwareRRID`, `SoftwareVersion` and `Code`. See table below for more information. |

Reviewer 3: I can't see how to make suggestions from my phone (sorry !), but I'd change "For example" to "Specifically," since those are the only defined key-value pairs.

The object supplied for `StimulusPresentation`  SHOULD include the following key value pairs:

| Key name                         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  |
|----------------------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| OperatingSystem                  | RECOMMENDED. Operating system used to run the stimuli presentation software (for formatting recommendations, see examples below this table).                                                                                                 |
| SoftwareName                     | RECOMMENDED. Name of the software that was used to present the stimuli                                                                                                                                                                       |

> | StimulusPresentationSoftwareRRID | RECOMMENDED. Name ideally with its [Research Resource Identifier](https://scicrunch.org/resources) of the software that was used to present the stimuli Examples: the RRID for Psychtoolbox is 'SCR_002881' that of PsychoPy is 'SCR_006571' |

Reviewer 3: Is this field now deprecated in favor of `SoftwareName` and `SoftwareRRID` ?

        sub-control01_task-emoface_events.json
```

Specific fields related to stimulus presentation details SHOULD also be present
in this data dictionary:

| Column name                      | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
| -------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | StimulusPresentationOS           | RECOMMENDED. Operating system used to run the stimuli presentation software. Should mention the OS type (Windows, MacOS, Linux), distribution (if applicable: Ubuntu, Debian) and the version number or equivalent code name (Windows - 10; MacOS - Catalina or MacOS - 10.15; Linux - Ubuntu - Bionic Beaver or Linux - Ubuntu -18.04.5 LTS) |

Reviewer: Thanks! I like this level of detail and agree with you that this is a slippery slope :confused: 

However, I would pull these examples out of the table. So that in the table there is a `(for formatting recommendations, see examples below)`.

And then right below the table, there are the examples

Author: OS descriptions are now below the table. :smile:

| StimulusPresentationSoftwareName | RECOMMENDED. Name of the software that was used to present the stimuli                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
| StimulusPresentationSoftwareRRID | RECOMMENDED. Name ideally with its [Research Resource Identifier](https://scicrunch.org/resources) of the software that was used to present the stimuli Examples: the RRID for Psychtoolbox is 'SCR_002881' that of PsychoPy is 'SCR_006571'                                                                                                  |
| StimulusPresentationVersion      | RECOMMENDED. Version of the software that was used to present the stimuli.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | StimulusPresentationCode         | RECOMMENDED. DOI of the archive (for example on Zenodo, figshare...) for the code that was used to present the stimuli. Alternatively this could be a URL to code on Github, Gitlab...                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| StimulusPresentationCode         | RECOMMENDED. DOI of the archive (for example on Zenodo, figshare...) for the code that was used to present the stimuli. Alternatively this could be a URL to code on GitHub, GitLab, etc.                                                                                                                                                     |
```

sub-control01/
    func/
        sub-control01_task-emoface_events.tsv
        sub-control01_task-emoface_events.json
```

Example of the content of the TSV file:

```Text
onset duration  trial_type  identifier  database  response_time
1.2 0.6 afraid  AF01AFAF  kdef  1.435
5.6 0.6 angry AM01AFAN  kdef  1.739
5.6 0.6 sad AF01ANSA  kdef  1.739
```

The `trial_type` and `identifier` columns from the `*_events.tsv` files might be described
in the accompanying JSON sidecar as follows:

```JSON
{
   "trial_type": {

>        "LongName":   "Emotion image type",

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
       "LongName": "Emotion image type",
```

       "Descripton": "Type of emotional face from Karolinska database that is displayed",
       "Levels": {

>           "afraid": "A face showing fear is displayed",
>           "angry":  "A face showing anger is displayed",
> 		  "sad":    "A face showing sadness is displayed"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
          "afraid": "A face showing fear is displayed",
          "angry": "A face showing anger is displayed",
          "sad": "A face showing sadness is displayed"
```

        }
   },
   "identifier": {

>        "LongName": "Unique identifier from Karolinska (KDEF) database",

Reviewer 2: Could be a shorter LongName...

```suggestion
       "LongName": "Karolinska (KDEF) database identifier",
```

       "Description": "ID from KDEF database used to identify the displayed image"
   }
}
```

Note that all other columns SHOULD also be described but are omitted for the

> sake of example.

Reviewer 2: "sake of example" is a somewhat odd phrasing. More idiomatic English (as above):

```suggestion
sake of brevity.
```

## Stimulus presentation details

> Specific fields related to stimulus presentation details SHOULD also be present
> in the accompanying JSON sidecar:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
It is RECOMMENDED to include details of the stimulus presentation software,
when applicable:
```

| OperatingSystem | RECOMMENDED. Operating system used to run the stimuli presentation software (for formatting recommendations, see examples below this table).                                                                                  |
| SoftwareName    | RECOMMENDED. Name of the software that was used to present the stimuli.                                                                                                                                                       |
| SoftwareRRID    | RECOMMENDED. [Research Resource Identifier](https://scicrunch.org/resources) of the software that was used to present the stimuli. Examples: The RRID for Psychtoolbox is 'SCR_002881', and that of PsychoPy is 'SCR_006571'. |
| SoftwareVersion | RECOMMENDED. Version of the software that was used to present the stimuli.                                                                                                                                                    |

> | Code            | RECOMMENDED. URI of the code used to present the stimuli. Persistent identifiers such as DOIs are preferred. If multiple versions of code may be hosted at the same location, revision-specific URIs are recommended.     |

Author: ```suggestion
| Code            | RECOMMENDED. [URI](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-starter-kit/wiki/Glossary#u) of the code used to present the stimuli. Persistent identifiers such as DOIs are preferred. If multiple versions of code may be hosted at the same location, revision-specific URIs are recommended.     |
```

> | Code            | RECOMMENDED. DOI of the archive (for example on Zenodo, figshare, etc.) for the code that was used to present the stimuli. Alternatively this could be a URL to code on GitHub, GitLab, etc.                                  |

Reviewer 2: DOI or URL basically means URI. Maybe we can shorten this and give some guidance on how to ensure an unambiguous link?

```suggestion
| Code            | RECOMMENDED. URI of the code used to present the stimuli. Persistent identifiers such as DOIs are preferred. If multiple versions of code may be hosted at the same location, revision-specific URIs are recommended.     |
```

Author: I am in favor of this but maybe this "guidance" would be more appropriate for the whole spec, no?

Also a lot of people do not know the acronym URI: I know we are not planning to turn the specs into some sort of page turner / best seller... But it is important to keep that kind of consideration in mind.

Reviewer: > I am in favor of this but maybe this "guidance" would be more appropriate for the whole spec, no?

We could turn URI into a link throughout the spec. And that link would lead users to a concise definition of what a URI is. ... The [wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Uniform_Resource_Identifier) page on that seems a bit long and convoluted for that purpose though.

Author: Or have our own section on this and use an internal link?

Author: Or maybe that's a job for the bids-starter kit ?

Reviewer: > Or maybe that's a job for the bids-starter kit ?

If you are willing to write a short section on it, then that'd be a neat solution IMHO

Author: I guess the [glossary](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-starter-kit/wiki/Glossary) in the wiki of BIDS starter kit is the most obvious place.

Although I suspect we will want to bring the wiki under proper version control in the future (right ?@dorahermes @franklin-feingold @emdupre) and might mean we will need to change that link in the future.

Will make an addition to the glossary for now anyway.

Would it make sense to open an issue for making URL, DOI and URI consistent across the specs? (as I believe this is beyond the scope of this PR).

Reviewer: > Would it make sense to open an issue for making URL, DOI and URI consistent across the specs? (as I believe this is beyond the scope of this PR

+1 for out of the scope, and +1 to discuss it in a new issue and see whether or not it makes sense

Author: Updated bids-starter kit glossary: [link to U letter section](https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-starter-kit/wiki/Glossary#u)

This can be improved but I guess we can modify the content independently of this PR now.

Reviewer: Mhh I would be all in favor of adding `[URI][uri]` and then putting `[uri]: https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-starter-kit/wiki/Glossary#u` right below `[object]: https://www.json.org/json-en.html` at the end of the file

BUT --> with the current setup of the glossary in BIDS starter kit, we cannot link to a dedicated keyword ... e.g., no link to URI, only to "U" and all that's listed there :thinking: ... it may be okay for now, but it doesn't seem ideal to me.

Do you have a solution for that @Remi-Gau? If not it'd be also fine to link to "U" and improve in the future.

Author: OK will move the link at the bottom. Makes sense.

I could use headings in the glossary to create links for each entry. The glossary is not huge yet, so still "easily" doable. That would be better, no?

The operating system description should include:

> -   type (Windows, MacOS, Linux),

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
-   type (Windows, macOS, Linux),
```

> -   distribution (if applicable: Ubuntu, Debian)

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
-   distribution (if applicable: Ubuntu, Debian, CentOS, …)
```

-   the version number or equivalent code name

Examples:

> -   Windows - 10
> -   macOS - Catalina or macOS - 10.15

Reviewer 4: That's not specific enough, it should include the minor version too, i.e.,

```suggestion
-   Windows - 10 - 20H2
-   macOS - 10.15.6
```

Reviewer: I agree that that'd be good.

Do you have a link to where "windows" versions are described? I had never heard about  this "20H2" convention before (or seen it).

Reviewer 4: Sorry, 20H2 is just an insider preview build. The public releases carry much simpler names.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_10_version_history

Reviewer: Ah thanks, then we should probably say something like `Windows - 10 - 2004`

Reviewer 4: Is there any specific reason why we're using the hyphens here? I think they're unnecessary… and from a typographical POV, these should be – anyway ;)

Reviewer: no particular reason we were thinking about how we can specify the OS sufficiently for reproducing an experiment, while at the same time not over-engineering the whole thing.

Do you have a new / better suggestion? :)

Reviewer: maybe a JSON object with  `type`, `distribution` (optional), `version`

... then maybe Windows 10 could be of type windows, with distribution 10, and version 2004

similar for osx: type macos, no distribution, version 10.15.6

or linux: type linux, ubuntu, 18.04.5

`type` and `version` are REQUIRED, `distribution` is optional?

WDYT?

Reviewer 4: I guess I would just remove the hyphens and stress that ideally, the full version number should be specified. For example:

```
- Windows 10
- Windows 10 1903 (better)
- macOS 10.15
- macOS 10.15.6  (better)
```
WDYT?

Reviewer: also, what about 32bit and 64 bit :bomb: :exploding_head:

Reviewer 4: And Apple is soon going to start rolling out ARM chips. So yes, maybe we should allow for adding architecture.

(re 32/64 bits specifically, who on earth would still run a 32-bit OS? oh, right, scientists :S)

Reviewer: We are now at exactly the point that we wanted to avoid in the first place ... I pushed a commit to settle the issue, I think the specification is now fair enough. 

For somebody to really re-create the experiment as it was run, much much more information would be needed anyways (display kind, size, ... chinrest yes or no ... distance of eyes from screen, ...). And I think that is out of the scope of BIDS, which is about sharing data and not making everything reproducible from an idea over funding acquisition to experimentation, analysis, etc...

having that said, I think it **is** good, to include pointers in BIDS that help to understand the data shipped with BIDS. So we **do** have some fields about funding, ethics, ... and now also about the experiment code used to generate the data --> which I find helpful and good and in the scope of BIDS.

What are your opinions @hoechenberger @Remi-Gau

Reviewer 4: Good summary, @sappelhoff! I wholeheartedly agree. Let's merge this and move on :)

Author: YES !! 

BIDS metadata is not meant to be a substitute for a method section.

This PR was inspired by some of the COBIDAS recommendations and I am sure that they don't mention chips architecture, so let's not go down that slippery slope.

> -   MacOS - Catalina or MacOS - 10.15

Reviewer 4: The correct spelling is `macOS` these days.
```suggestion
-   macOS - Catalina or macOS - 10.15
```

-   Linux - Ubuntu - Bionic Beaver

> -   Linux - Ubuntu - 18.04.5 LTS

Reviewer 4: I would drop the "named" option here, too

Reviewer: +1 to drop named versions --> having one way to specify something is better than two ways ([python zen](https://www.python.org/dev/peps/pep-0020/#id2))

Specific fields related to stimulus presentation details SHOULD also be present
in this data dictionary:

| Field name           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        |
|----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | StimulusPresentation | RECOMMENDED. List of fields related to the software used to present the stimuli during the experiment. Valid fields include `OperatingSystem`, `SoftwareName`, `SoftwareRRID`, `SoftwareVersion` and `Code`. See table below for more information. |

Reviewer: Instead of `List of fields`, the value for the key `StimulusPresentation` is an [object](https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_json_objects.asp)

Note: in this suggestion I did not correct the table pipes for the linter:

```suggestion
| StimulusPresentation | RECOMMENDED. Object containing key value pairs related to the software used to present the stimuli during the experiment. For example: `OperatingSystem`, `SoftwareName`, `SoftwareRRID`, `SoftwareVersion` and `Code`. See table below for more information. |
```

Author: OK I will accept your suggestions and "lint" things after that.

> The `StimulusPresentation` field MAY includes any of the following RECOMMENDED keys:

Reviewer: MAY = OPTIONAL

--> SHOULD = RECOMMENDED

```suggestion
The object supplied for `StimulusPresentation`  SHOULD include the following key value pairs:
```

Author: You think I would know that by now. :facepalm:

       "Description": "ID from KDEF database used to identify the displayed image"
   },
   "StimulusPresentationOS": "Linux-Ubuntu 18.04.5 LTS",
   "StimulusPresentationSoftwareName": "Psychtoolbox",
   "StimulusPresentationSoftwareRRID": "SCR_002881",
   "StimulusPresentationVersion": "3.0.14",

>    "StimulusPresentationCode": "https://zenodo.org/record/17173364"

Reviewer: Let's use a DOI here to show good practice.

```suggestion
   "StimulusPresentationCode": "10.5281/zenodo.3686062"
```

       "Description": "ID from KDEF database used to identify the displayed image"
   }
}
```

Note that all other columns SHOULD also be described but are omitted for the
sake of example.

## Stimulus presentation details

Specific fields related to stimulus presentation details SHOULD also be present
in the accompanying JSON sidecar:

| Field name           | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |
|----------------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | StimulusPresentation | RECOMMENDED. Object containing key value pairs related to the software used to present the stimuli during the experiment, specifically: `OperatingSystem`, `SoftwareName`, `SoftwareRRID`, `SoftwareVersion` and `Code`. See table below for more information. |

Reviewer: making a link to JSON objects, like in this PR: https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/587/files

at the end of the file, you'll need to insert:

```Text
<!-- Link Definitions -->

[object]: https://www.json.org/json-en.html
```

... if there are already other links at the end of the file, just merge all links into a single such "comment-separated-section"

```suggestion
| StimulusPresentation | RECOMMENDED. [Object][] containing key value pairs related to the software used to present the stimuli during the experiment, specifically: `OperatingSystem`, `SoftwareName`, `SoftwareRRID`, `SoftwareVersion` and `Code`. See table below for more information. |
```

Author: Just to know: is that case sensitive?

Will the following work?

```
[Object][]

<!-- Link Definitions -->

[object]: https://www.json.org/json-en.html
```

Or should it be?

```
[Object][]

<!-- Link Definitions -->

[Object]: https://www.json.org/json-en.html
```

Reviewer: it should work, AFAIK links in md work like:

- make everything lowercase
- strip all punctuation
- replace whitespace with `-`

and in the PR I mentioned it also works :)

Author: This should be done then. :smile:

The object supplied for `StimulusPresentation` SHOULD include the following key-value pairs:

| Key name        | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| OperatingSystem | RECOMMENDED. Operating system used to run the stimuli presentation software (for formatting recommendations, see examples below this table).                                                                                                  |

> | SoftwareName    | RECOMMENDED. Name of the software that was used to present the stimuli                                                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SoftwareName    | RECOMMENDED. Name of the software that was used to present the stimuli.                                                                                                                                                                       |
```

> | SoftwareRRID    | RECOMMENDED. Name ideally with its [Research Resource Identifier](https://scicrunch.org/resources) of the software that was used to present the stimuli. Examples: the RRID for Psychtoolbox is 'SCR_002881' that of PsychoPy is 'SCR_006571' |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| SoftwareRRID    | RECOMMENDED. [Research Resource Identifier](https://scicrunch.org/resources) of the software that was used to present the stimuli. Examples: The RRID for Psychtoolbox is 'SCR_002881', and that of PsychoPy is 'SCR_006571'. |
```

| SoftwareVersion | RECOMMENDED. Version of the software that was used to present the stimuli.                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | Code            | RECOMMENDED. DOI of the archive (for example on Zenodo, figshare...) for the code that was used to present the stimuli. Alternatively this could be a URL to code on GitHub, GitLab, etc.                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Code            | RECOMMENDED. DOI of the archive (for example on Zenodo, figshare, etc.) for the code that was used to present the stimuli. Alternatively this could be a URL to code on GitHub, GitLab, etc.                                                     |
```

The operating system description should include:
-   type (Windows, MacOS, Linux),
-   distribution (if applicable: Ubuntu, Debian)

> -   the version number or equivalent code name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   the version number or equivalent code name
```

Examples:
-   Windows - 10
-   MacOS - Catalina or MacOS - 10.15
-   Linux - Ubuntu - Bionic Beaver

> -   Linux - Ubuntu -18.04.5 LTS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Linux - Ubuntu - 18.04.5 LTS
```

-   Linux - Ubuntu -18.04.5 LTS

The `trial_type` and `identifier` columns from the `*_events.tsv` files as well

> as information related to stimulus presentation might be described in this json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as information related to stimulus presentation might be described in this JSON
```

   "identifier": {
       "LongName": "Unique identifier from Karolinska (KDEF) database",
       "Description": "ID from KDEF database used to identify the displayed image"
   },
   "StimulusPresentationOS": "Linux-Ubuntu 18.04.5 LTS",
   "StimulusPresentationSoftwareName": "Psychtoolbox",
   "StimulusPresentationSoftwareRRID": "SCR_002881",
   "StimulusPresentationVersion": "3.0.14",
   "StimulusPresentationCode": "10.5281/zenodo.3686062"
}
```

Note that all other columns SHOULD also be described but are omitted for the
sake of example.

For multi-echo files, the `*_events.tsv` file is applicable to all echos of

> particular run:

Reviewer 3: Since you're touching this line anyway:

```suggestion
a particular run:
```

       "LongName": "Unique identifier from Karolinska (KDEF) database",
       "Description": "ID from KDEF database used to identify the displayed image"
   },

>     "StimulusPresentation":
>     {
>     "OperatingSystem": "Linux-Ubuntu 18.04.5 LTS",
>     "SoftwareName": "Psychtoolbox",
>     "SoftwareRRID": "SCR_002881",
>     "SoftwareVersion": "3.0.14",
>     "Code": "10.5281/zenodo.3581316"
>     }

Reviewer: using the same kind of indentation as in the previous part of the example:

```suggestion
    "StimulusPresentation": {
        "OperatingSystem": "Linux-Ubuntu 18.04.5 LTS",
        "SoftwareName": "Psychtoolbox",
        "SoftwareRRID": "SCR_002881",
        "SoftwareVersion": "3.0.14",
        "Code": "10.5281/zenodo.3581316"
    }
```

   "identifier": {
       "LongName": "Unique identifier from Karolinska (KDEF) database",
       "Description": "ID from KDEF database used to identify the displayed image"
   },
    "StimulusPresentation": {
        "OperatingSystem": "Linux-Ubuntu 18.04.5 LTS",
        "SoftwareName": "Psychtoolbox",
        "SoftwareRRID": "SCR_002881",
        "SoftwareVersion": "3.0.14",

>         "Code": "10.5281/zenodo.3581316"

Reviewer 2: Let's make this an actual URI so nobody has to parse more than the first four characters to determine it:

```suggestion
        "Code": "doi:10.5281/zenodo.3581316"
```

>         "Code": "doi:10.5281/zenodo.3581316"

Author: ```suggestion
        "Code": "doi:10.5281/zenodo.3361717"
```

Not sure how but this DOI was still pointing to my very messy code rather than @sappelhoff much cleaner example.

Also I am realizing the details of this "synthethic" example do not match the content of the example code: 
previous DOI pointed to Presentation code, new example is PsychoPy (?)  code. Neither used the Karolinska database.

This could confuse people.

Author: Will add this new DOI for now as it points to a better example of code anyway.

But I think we might want to reflect on whether our json examples that point to "real" things have to be internally consistent.

    }
}
```

> <!-- Link Definitions -->

Author: Just noticed that some other pages have this "heading" for the link definition section:

```
[]: <> (################)
[]: <> (Link definitions)
[]: <> (################)
```

Do we want to use it here as well?

Reviewer: these sections were recently removed (https://github.com/bids-standard/bids-specification/pull/587)

and replaced with the `<!-- Link definitions -->` that we use in this PR, so no changes needed :)
